hello to all today i want to talk to you% and a product to demonstrate
our faith that ended with the tara factor that is the club
the team to see
fayard tac
this is domenech ricky norton is already a little bit talked about this is a
firefighter who makes his own knife allah he knew a lot of
success with the ixème 18 mois
as well as here
it was he who put me the small dressings douala
a lot of success with this product the stop he said he pushed a
little bit outside the world of 100% casta before that why in the teaser
100% products then sum and one of the most wanted parts
on the record was going to produce dream team and she fayard tac
by breaking into his will can make a tour together
then you have wafers
in titanium
with an angers insert 10
Okay
a construction cost of loc
you can see
who says to afp this species of
so a recurring theme among ricky murat couples
when you have there
in europe the cricr bandini on the scene and titanium is something that
loot martin hansen design who filed it
like that gives a pleasure
who is very very nice
do not click too aggressive mickey
who is there to show a little bit the things you have
the possibility of having
in position that populate
poty of weapons
here
and then stable bogies
in passing for the give
classical
when we will talk about it again
so here's the placid darling who denies having one that would not allow these
rental costs
and in this one
this happened with this only super patient who is a
specialty also of an error and that it is really
it will be longer his is a personality still by this model is
rare
percent but it's good with this blade there it fails to his name
here is this model of the place even worse
besides he was in the hall will notice that it's a ghost
regularly and fran merida
it's a conspiracy
the grinds hollow
very very hungry
and at the same time we have a donkey
with a forgotten compress
this is for the temporary principle all this is done by hand
500% more like this
it is
but when françois razor besides
the opposing gatekeeper crowning the lady who does that when we bring something
thing
when it's going to happen there you missed that direct so that frankly a
knife
by the grip is very very nice
very instinctive
at
proclaiming his innocence knowing that it is not a knife that is taktika use
so you'll see that here's for example it's not two
tippett who goes there
there you have
titled pina who's doing well the ghana team on the front
for this hospital very well in hand it is very very fluid
to find the system again
protection
we must block other tears
this is green building
once again
it is a knife that is relatively light but this passion of
the old regime
it's 130 grams
132 patients we go with a fighter three tons 3 inches with that
157 women not in terms of play
why in terms of size
you will see that it is something of
relatively similar a little bigger maybe so we go beyond
3 and a half inches in length of the soul
but the battle is been more or less and more or less equal
aaah sending finally launching his season which is very much that is highly sought after by
the rigorous collectors
there was I spoke several hours several collectors who told me
than
some waited more than two or three years to find
unavailable
for 100 th cissed once ricky to reveal very dry and knives
have become very very hard to find
and for those who for the price it is a little ignited
with them with the request
already present that it comes back a little bit so it's a little easier
find for the purpose of three already available
they leave very quickly
and I ruled that the song is to get to what I'm doing there so I
am very very happy with this acquisition at this post it will fall
in the category of 16 municipalities am the key not necessarily be used
an age sex so to teach in some but percent
m but after that
it is stuck it's still a beautiful work and night and in
themselves to trident largely certain in terms of death
I want to start paying the insurer started we feel what he wants
afraid of breaking the studies tell me that
that is certainly it would be a pity of the damaged
toreador so here you want to introduce it a little faster
shows you a little more fun
the quality of the work
their team to see
on his tears
and especially the qualities of
the quality of elections
we know the job of peace question comments do not hesitate
because this is the typical meal price the external attacks and I will tell you
not very nice race with the wind